So let's look a little more details into logging levels.
There are multiple levels.
For that, I am discussing here are log.error,
warn, info, and debug.
Now, in general, all pieces of information that you
think are mandatorily supposed to be logged
in your log files should be put under info mode.
Two things that you might want to consider when you are adding something
to the log info is that it should not be a really,
really long piece of data that needs to be printed.
As always, your log file will get full extremely quickly,
and that might result in some time bringing down your application.
The second thing that I want to discuss is log.error.
Now, log.error is going to provide the stack trace.
By stack trace, I mean,
the details of any exception that you might be throwing from your application.
Log.error always prints your stack trace in your log files.
The next thing that I want to discuss is warn,
which is going to print the logs in warn.
The last part is the debug.
Log.debug is going to be used to debug
any specific piece of information
that you might want to debug in the production environment.
Let's look at a live example